
Today I woke up at 8:50. The day before I went to bed at like 3:30. I got up and I learnt Arabesque No. 1's middle part which I had forgotten which was great. Felt very nice to get back on the piano. I then had some bifteki souvlaki for lunch. At 1 I went to setup a new minecraft server for me and some friends. It finally got set up at 2:30 and I was in a call with Naomi and Matthew at the beginning. I played throughout the day with people (Aden, Parker, Daven, Nick, and Diego talked in the call) and then watched the final episode of Andor season 2 with my parents which was very good.

I am still in despair about Matthew I think. I went to his house yesterday to hang out for the first time and it was super fun. I tried on his fursuit which was fun. I just don't know at this point. I really thought he was going to be the one. And the thing is that we get along literally SOOOOOO well it's so frustrating that he's straight. He even said he'd say yes if he wasn't straight. I just haven't met someone like him that I get along with so much in a long fucking time. He feels like a new best friend (sorry Liam, you've been acting weird lately, ur still my best friend though, but I don't live with you anymore you gotta reach out more or plan some things). Me and Matthew text SOOOO much every day. Literally hundreds of messages a day. I think writing about it here is gonna help. Him and I live together in minecraft now. We named our base The Westin LOL. I'm gonna try to move on right now. I don't know if that means being more platonic in our friendship or looking for other guys but... we'll see.